in the Royal chamber the Queen has yet
to restart her normal duties before her
journey she stopped egg production in
order to slim down and make traveling
easier
now like a virgin queen she produces a
special set that attracts winged male
ants who fly in from other nests the
male is also enormous on a similar scale
to the Queen
the sense she produces are irresistible
just a few molecules we'll grab a male's
attention
he searches for a way into the nest
but a guard patrol has found him and at
first the other ant see Emma's food he's
actually in mortal danger the army
smothers him as if he were prey but
their intentions falter
he also produces sense to demonstrate
his fitness to be consort if he passes
muster he'll they accepted if he doesn't
he'll be for the job they tried to clip
his wings so he'll fit through the nest
entrance but he cooperates using spikes
at the end of his abdomen he pulls one
of himself
nothing is wasted even a wing has some
nutritional value the rest of the
workers take him into the nest
he has their support at least for the
time being he's on probation until he
actually mates with the Queen he could
still be attacked another wing is
removed
[Music]
he'll soon be presentable for his
audience with the Queen
it's day five in the new territory
there's no nuptial flight instead the
Queen's new consort is guided directly
to the Royal chamber he's not the first
consort to the Queen and he probably
won't be the last driver and queens are
for ants and usually promiscuous he'll
be one of many suitors shield entertain
during her lifetime his job done he
retires from the Royal chamber and dies
a short but productive life for he'll
father several million new ants with
hungry mouths
[Music]